docs(hybrid-mode) add descriptions of the Hybrid mode version check and (#2507)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/2.3.x/hybrid-mode.md

those changes will be synced and updated on the Data Plane nodes
automatically within seconds.

## Version and compatibility checks

> Since Kong release 2.3.0, a new feature has been added which allows
> Control Plane nodes to determine if the Data Plane connected can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Kong Gateway 2.3.0, Control Plane nodes can perform version 
compatibility checks to determine if connected Data Planes can be
```
Avoid saying "a new feature", since I doubt anyone will be updating this sentence in upcoming releases.

> synced safely. If the compatibility checks failed, Control Plane will stop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
synced safely. If the compatibility checks fail, the Control Plane stops
```

> pushing out new config to the incompatible Data Plane to avoid breaking them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pushing out new config to the incompatible Data Planes to avoid breaking them.
```

The following conditions must be met for new configs being pushed to the Data
Plane:

> 1. The Kong core version between Control Plane and Data Plane must be on the
> same major and minor release (note bugfix version can be different).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The Kong Gateway version must be on the same major and minor release for both 
Control Plane and Data Planes, and only the patch version can vary.
```

> That means, for example, between Kong 2.2.0 and Kong 2.3.0 sync will not happen.
> But are allowed between Kong 2.3.0 and Kong 2.3.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, sync between Kong 2.2.0 and Kong 2.3.0 will fail, but sync between Kong 
2.3.0 and Kong 2.3.2 should succeed. 
```

2. The set of plugins enabled on the Control Plane and Data Plane must be
the same.

> 3. Among plugins enabled, their version number between Control Plane and
> Data Plane must be the same. Note this check is more strict because bugfix
> version is also checked. That means, for example, if `foo-plugin` has version
> 0.1.2 on Control Plane and 0.1.1 on Data Plane, sync will not happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For enabled plugins, the plugin version number must be the same on both the 
Control Plane and Data Planes. This check is more strict than the Kong Gateway 
version check, as the plugin versions must match exactly, down to the patch level.  
For example, if `foo-plugin` has version 0.1.2 on the Control Plane and 0.1.1 on a 
Data Plane, sync will not happen.
```

If a config can not be pushed to a Data Plane due to failure of the

> compatibility checks, Control Plane will contain `warn` level lines in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
compatibility checks, the Control Plane will contain `warn` level lines in the
```

> `error.log` similar to these:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`error.log` similar to the following:
```

```
unable to send updated configuration to DP node with hostname: localhost.localdomain ip: 127.0.0.1 reason: version mismatches, CP version: 2.2 DP version: 2.1
unable to send updated configuration to DP node with hostname: localhost.localdomain ip: 127.0.0.1 reason: CP and DP does not have same set of plugins installed or their versions might differ
```

> In addition, the `/clustering/data_planes` Admin API endpoint will return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the `/clustering/data-planes` Admin API endpoint will return
```
